README.md, before:

# Hello World 

## Objectives

- Create a Controller
- Create an element for Controller binding
- Create a public $scope method
- Display the $scope value in the View

## Instructions

Setup the directory structure as follows:

- js/
  - app/
    - controllers/
  - angular.js
- index.html

You can find `index.html` and `angular.js` in this repo.

Create a new module in `js/app/app.js`, named `app`.

Create a controller named `MainController` inside `js/app/controllers/MainController.js` and attach it to a module named `app`. The function should take one parameter - `$scope`.

Don't forget to initiate our module `app` using `ng-app` on a HTML element - otherwise we won't see anything!

Initiate our controller `MainController` using `ng-controller` on a HTML element inside our previous one.
 
Inside `MainController`, assign some values to the `$scope` object. You could copy our previous example - create the properties `name`, `email` and `phone`.  

Now, we need to display these values inside our HTML. Using `{{ }}` (double curlys), display the values you created.

Commit message:

updated instructions to update the learn gem

README.md, after:

# Hello World 

## Objectives

- Create a Controller
- Create an element for Controller binding
- Create a public $scope method
- Display the $scope value in the View

## Instructions

Update the Learn gem so that you're set up for all Angular tests. Run `gem update learn-test` in your command line. 

Setup the directory structure as follows:

- js/
  - app/
    - controllers/
  - angular.js
- index.html

You can find `index.html` and `angular.js` in this repo.

Create a new module in `js/app/app.js`, named `app`.

Create a controller named `MainController` inside `js/app/controllers/MainController.js` and attach it to a module named `app`. The function should take one parameter - `$scope`.

Don't forget to initiate our module `app` using `ng-app` on a HTML element - otherwise we won't see anything!

Initiate our controller `MainController` using `ng-controller` on a HTML element inside our previous one.
 
Inside `MainController`, assign some values to the `$scope` object. You could copy our previous example - create the properties `name`, `email` and `phone`.  

Now, we need to display these values inside our HTML. Using `{{ }}` (double curlys), display the values you created.
